“Reddit” means Reddit, Inc.

“Brand Assets” means the Snoo character and depictions thereof, all versions of 
the Reddit logo and wordmarks, and any other word, name, phrase, image, or 
other designation that identifies the source or origin of any of Reddit’s 
products or services.

“Terms” means these Reddit Brand Terms of Use. “Guidelines” means these 
Brand Guidelines, including these Reddit Brand Terms of Use.

By using the Brand Assets with Reddit’s permission, you agree to be bound by 
these Terms. To the extent these Terms conflict with a separate agreement 
between you and Reddit, that agreement controls.

The Brand Assets are protected by trademark, copyright, and other laws. 
Reddit owns trademarks and copyrights in the United States and other countries. 
All commercial use of Reddit's Brand Assets is reserved
for Reddit and its licensed partners.

If Reddit has expressly approved your request to use one or more Brand 
Assets, then Reddit grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, 
revocable license to use the specific Brand Assets you identified in the request 
solely in the manner you described and solely for the purpose you disclosed.

Strict compliance with the Guidelines is required at all times, and any use of the 
Brand Assets in violation of the Guidelines will automatically terminate your 
license to use the Brand Assets. Reddit may also withhold or revoke permission 
to use Brand Assets at any time for any reason.

You acknowledge that Reddit is the exclusive owner of all rights in the Brand 
Assets. Goodwill generated by your use of the Brand Assets will inure to the 
sole benefit of Reddit. You agree not to take any action that is in conflict with 
Reddit’s rights in, or ownership of, the Brand Assets.

Reddit in its sole discretion may modify or terminate the Guidelines or the 
Brand Assets at any time without notice. Reddit’s waiver or failure to enforce 
a breach of any provision of the Guidelines is not a waiver of that provision. 
California law governs all matters arising out of this agreement without 
regard to conflict of law principles.

Reddit reserves the right to revoke personal/non-commercial use of its 
trademarks and copyrights for any reason. This includes removing the 
community styling privileges from subreddits whose use of Reddit’s 
trademarks and copyrights violates this policy (or the Reddit Content 
Policy) or is determined to be inappropriate, at Reddit’s sole discretion.

If you have any questions about these guidelines, please contact
**licensing@reddit.com**.
